previous page link not linking to previous page, but to the second last. (#1959)
reactjs/reactjs.org: content/docs/hooks-state.md

*Hooks* are a new addition in React 16.8. They let you use state and other React features without writing a class.

> The [introduction page](/docs/hooks-intro.html) used this example to introduce Hooks:

Reviewer: How about you rephrase it?

```suggestion
The [introduction page](/docs/hooks-intro.html) used this example to get familiar with Hooks:
```

Author: I like that rephrasing!

Reviewer: Great, you can apply it if you click on the "Commit suggestion" button.
